This is the bamboo map of Xiao Xiang by To Thi, the great writer of Song Dynasty.
The picture is clear
The level of abundance
Strict structure
This is a rare treasure in Chinese painting circles.
Starting price 50 million
Drawing well.
This color.
This product looks like a lonely product.
I paid 50 million.
It's so lonely I can't miss it.
I paid 55 million 60 million.
How do you see that it is counterfeit?
Mr. Dongpo loves Lord Tengyun very much.
I'd rather have no meat.
You can't live without an owner.
He painted bamboo like a sword.
Inherited his cousin Van To
His owner's hands and feet are out.
Has an extremely gas hero posture
But the owner of this word only sees danger.
You can't.
It's obviously a lie from posterity.
You stop talking shit.
What can only ride?
This owner is obviously Mr. Dongpo.
The writing style of a door and the inscription are considered new and old at the end of the photo roll.
These are all real works by Mr. Dongpo.
How can there be counterfeiting?
Master Ho is vice president of the Meteor Association.
The antiques he looked at.
It's never wrong.
Where did you see Master Ho s eyes?
The Master cannot hold you now.
Mr. Ye, this product has been strictly inspected by us.
If you feel really sure.
You can go up here and check which network plan you're using.
But then again
His trick.
It seems really possible.
What? Look.
The best TV series is
Mr. Ip, what are you doing?